# Assignment 4: Construction 2
> _Third-iteration code deliverables_

- **Course**: HBV501G SOFTWARE PROJECT 1
- **Teacher**: Matthias Book, Sigurður Gauti Samúelsson
- **Semester**: Fall '22'

## Team 9: Habit Tracker

| Name                           | Email       | Product Owner |
|--------------------------------|-------------|---------------|
| Árni Björn Óskarsson           | abo25@hi.is |               |
| Ísak Már Jónsson               | imj8@hi.is  |               |
| Viktoría Emma Berglindardóttir | veb3@hi.is  | **<-- P.O.**  |

A link to our team’s [github repository](https://github.com/habitgoaltracker/habittracker)

---
## Brief notes

- **Project status**: Good
- **Progress**: Good
- **Exceptions**: None

---

### Use cases implemented

> _Note on the implementation of the use cases_: 
  We did not keep careful track of our time so the 'actual time' column is not entirely accurate.

During this assignment our team has been working on the following use cases:

- A4_1 Log in to application
- A4_2 Categorize habits
- A4_3 Update statistics of habit

---

#### A4_1 Log in to application

A user opens the application. System presents the user with a login screen and requests the users’ username and password. User types in his username and password. The system responds that the information is valid and lets the user into the application. The user can now use the application.

- **Progress**: Fully implemented.
- **Priority**: 30
- **Estimated time**: 15 hrs.
- **Actual time**: 10 hrs

---

####  A4_2 Categorize habits

A user opens the application and logs in. System opens up the menu. User selects the option of categorizing the habits. System requests the name of the category and the habits and/or goals that the user wants to have in that particular category.

- **Progress**: Fully implemented.
- **Priority**: 30
- **Estimated time**: 6 hrs.
- **Actual time**: 6 hrs.

---

####  A4_3 Update statistics of habit

A user opens the application and logs in. User checks off a habit that they kept up for the day. System stores when the task was checked off and updates the statistics (e.g. longest all-time streak, total completions, total completions for each month..) according to previous completions of that particular habit.

- **Progress**: Fully implemented.
- **Priority**: 40
- **Estimated time**: 6 hrs.
- **Actual time**: 6 hrs.
